Hello everyone and welcome to despite an editorial in this video we are going to start with our distributed
training project in the first video.
We are going to set up our environment and install all the penises that we are going to need for the
project.
Let's start by setting up the environment to use a Jeep you instead of you like we did in the previous
sections.
We are going to do that by going to edit.
Then go down to no settings instead of none under hardware accelerator select the Jeep you and click
save.
Now we have connected to the Jeep you environment.
The first and only thing that we have to install for this project is tens a flow 2.0.
So let's do that in the first free cell type.
Exclamation mark followed by pip install and then we are going to say there is a flow dash debut because
we want the GPO version of it equals equals to two point zero point zero point alpha zero execute a
cell.
It will take some time to install this dependency.
So as you can see here I have already installed tens of float 2.0.
But if you haven't it is going to take up to one minute and that's it that's all what we have for this
video.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I assume the next tutorial.